News Articles (#224)
fluid-project/floeproject.org: src/news/2021-03-11-Open-Robot-Kit.md

---
title: Open Robot Kit
filename: Open-Robot-Kit
date: '2021-03-11'
---

An Open Robot Kit to enable learners and educators to easily create a ‘one-size-fits-one’ robot that works with the
[Weavly](https://weavly.org) coding environment is in progress. The kit will include a Robot Building Guide with easy to
follow instructions.

> For more details, see Code Learn Create's [Open Robot Kit](https://www.codelearncreate.org/blog/open-robot-kit/) post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see ["Open Robot Kit"](https://www.codelearncreate.org/blog/open-robot-kit/) on [Code Learn Create's website](https://www.codelearncreate.org).
```
